ci: migrate to npm trusted publishing (OIDC) and update publishing workflow (#16630)
eclipse-theia/theia: doc/Publishing.md

and the npm settings are updated to allow trusted workflow publishing before the next release.

### 2.1.3 OPTION 1 (preferred): Perform the release via GH WORKFLOW
<!-- release: both -->

_NOTE:_ This publishing option is preferred, as the packages are built and signed on GitHub Actions with provenance using the trusted workflow for NPM publishing.

- Run the [_Publish packages to NPM_](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/actions/workflows/publish-ci.yml) workflow
- Choose the release branch (i.e., `release/{{majorMinor}}.x`)
- Choose the respective release type and check the input option in case it is a patch for a previous version.

### 2.1.3.1 Check Package update PR
<!-- release: both -->

- The workflow automatically creates a PR to update the package versions for the release branch, see [example here](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/pull/16438)
- Follow the instructions in the PR, to ensure all package versions are updated and change the author of the commits to you.
- Wait for the checks to succeed, then merge using `Rebase and Merge`.

### 2.1.4 OPTION 2: Perform the release LOCALLY
<!-- release: both -->

> _NOTE:_ Performing the release locally will publish no signed packages to NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE:_ Performing the release locally will publish unsigned packages to NPM.
```

Or does it infact not publish at all?

Author: Thanks! Local publishing should still work, but the packages published to npm will not include the provenance signature.
